= DESCRIPTION:

Installs Ruby Enterprise Edition (REE) from Phusion.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Cookbooks

* build-tools

== Platform

Tested on Ubuntu 10.04.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* ree[:install_path] - Location to install REE. Default /opt/ree
* ree[:version] - Version-datestamp to use. Default 1.8.7-2011.03
* ree[:url] - URL to download. Default is Google Code.
* ree[:malloc] - Either "tcmalloc" to use Google's Thread-Caching Malloc or "malloc" to use the standard malloc on your systems (usually provided by glibc).

= USAGE:

Include the ree recipe to install Ruby Enterprise Edition.

  include_recipe "ree"

Or add it to your role, or directly to a node's recipes.

Install RubyGems under REE with the ree_gem definition.

  ree_gem "rails" do
    source  "http://gems.rubyforge.org"
    version "2.3.11"
  end

The definitions supports two parameters, source and version. Both are optional.

= LICENSE AND AUTHOR:

Author:: Michael Pellon (<michael@pipelinedealsco.com>)

Copyright 2011, PipelineDeals, LLC.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
